Handle connection_ack message for subscriptions (#255)
mirumee/ariadne-codegen: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

> ## UNRELEASED

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 0.12.0 (UNRELEASED)
```

> - Improved `graphql-transport-ws` protocol compliance for `connection_ack` messages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed `graphql-transport-ws` protocol implementation not waiting for the `connection_ack` message on new connection.
```
